1. TideLift exceeds the US dollar million that it committed t opay open source software maintainers 

https://tidelift.com
CEO : Donal Fischer
aims at creating balance that rewards maintainers financially for their hard work , while solving
real and immediate problems for professional development teams , speeding up the rate of innovation 
and increasing the reliability of the software that society depends on .

participating maintainers keep full control of their packages and technical roadmaps , and provide maintainance for their software .

main focus as of now : 
support for packages in TavaScript , Java , Python , PHP , ruby programming language ecosystem.

2.Googles' new search platform based on open standards 
A new SEARCH ENGINE for data sets .
the recently launched dataset search platform searches through millions of open data repositories available on web for desired data .
Scans through publishers site , digital libraries etc . but relies on data set publishers to correctly label their data sets
with appropriate data sets , or meta data tags . 
publisher need to follow a particular format including " who created it , when was it published , how the data was collected "
so that all the data sets be a part of this robust ecosystem 



3.Block Chain based ecosystem to fight span calls in india 
solution aims at mitigating the issue of unsolicidated commercial communication (UCC)
Blockchain as a technology is a powerful tool to combat the issue of spam calls and fraud risks , to protect user information 
as well as integrity of telecom sector .
Distributed ledger technology (DLT ) 
Dlt based solution brings all the relevent partiesin the ecosystem onto the blockchain .
- prefrence registration 
-consent acquisition 
-dynamic prefrence
-stakeholder onboarding 
-header registration 
-template registration 
- scrubbing services 
- comlaint handling and tracking 

intersection of cloud and blockchain will ensure a new way of monitoring and enforcing complicance through out the ecosystem .
